Docs - add rocPyJPEG (#193)
ROCm/rocPyDecode: docs/install/rocPyDecode-prerequisites.rst

    
rocPyDecode has the following prerequisites:

* `CMake 3.12 or later <https://cmake.org/>`_
* `Python3 3.9 or later <https://www.python.org/>`_
* Python3 pip
* `PyBind11 <https://github.com/pybind/pybind11>`_
* `rocDecode <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocDecode/en/latest/index.html>`_
* `FFmpeg runtime and headers <https://ffmpeg.org>`_
* `DLPack <https://dmlc.github.io/dlpack/latest/>`_
* `NumPy, for running tests and samples <https://numpy.org/>`_

rocPyJpegDecode additionally requires `rocJPEG <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocJPEG/en/latest/index.html>`_.

> All prerequisites with the exception of NumPy and rocJPEG are installed with the `rocPyDecode-requirements.py <https://github.com/ROCm/rocPyDecode/blob/develop/rocPyDecode-requirements.py>`_ script. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All prerequisites except for NumPy and rocJPEG are installed with the `rocPyDecode-requirements.py <https://github.com/ROCm/rocPyDecode/blob/develop/rocPyDecode-requirements.py>`_ script. 

```
